fix(Anomalies): Improving the anomalies pages (#12414)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/alerts-applied-intelligence/applied-intelligence/anomaly-detection/automatic-anomalies.mdx

**Correlation**: Anomalies are connected to our correlation logic, otherwise known as [decisions](/docs/alerts-applied-intelligence/applied-intelligence/incident-intelligence/change-applied-intelligence-correlation-logic-decisions). If our correlation logic determines that issues are connected, then a single issue will be created from multiple incidents. You can see this correlated issue in the issues feed. Anomalies provide additional context about what changed around the time an issue occurred so your team can easily detect patterns and diagnose problems. 

> **Receiving notifications:** When New Relic detects anomalous changes in throughput, error rate, or response time, your team has the option to receive [notifications](#Notifications) about this behavior. We recommend sending notifications selected Slack channels or email channels. When the anomaly goes back to normal then a recovery message is sent. If you don't want to receive notifications you can still access to the data using a [NRQL query](#query-anomaly-data).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Receiving notifications:** When New Relic detects anomalous changes in throughput, error rate, or response time, your team has the option to receive [notifications](#Notifications) about this behavior. We recommend sending notifications to selected Slack channels or email channels. When the anomalous behavior returns to normal then a recovery message is sent. If you don't want to receive notifications you can still access to the data using a [NRQL query](#query-anomaly-data).
```

4. Select the account you want to use for this configuration.

5. Select the applications and services you want to include.

6. Select the metrics you want to be notified on.

7. Select how you want to be notified. These are the options:

    * **Slack**. You need to select a Slack channel and the time zone the charts will use.
    * **Webhook**. You need to add the URL.
    * **No notifications**. If you prefer not to receive notifications, select this option.

8. Click **Save configuration**.

## How to see the details of an anomaly [#details-anomaly]

You can explore the details of any anomaly in your system's performance to better understand what errors you're receiving and why.

<img
  title="A screenshot of anomaly details in the New Relic UI"
  alt="A screenshot of anomaly details in the New Relic UI"
  src={anomalyDetails}
/>
<figcaption>
  To see the details of a detected anomaly, go to **[one.newrelic.com](https://one.newrelic.com/all-capabilities) > Alerts & AI**. Click the **Anomalies** tab to see the dashboard and then click the anomaly you want to see. 
</figcaption>

The details of an anomaly gives you this information:

>   * Name of the anomaly. You can click on it and it will take you to APM & Services capability to see a summary of it. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Name of the anomaly. You can click on it and it will take you to APM & Services capability to see a summary of the selected anomaly.
```

  4. Click the **Select or enter attribute** selector and add `origins`. Then, select `contains` as the operator and `anomalies` as the value.
  5. Select `entitiesData.types` `contains` `Application`.
  6. Select `tag.entity.guid` to select an entity of your choice.
  7. Select the `signalType` `contains` and the signal you would like to be notified on.
  
      <img
      title="Configure your workflow"
      alt="Configure your workflow"
      src={anomalyWorkflowFilterData}
      />

  8. Click **Additional settings** if you want to enrich your data.
  9. Select a destination channel of your choosing.
  
      <img
      title="Notifications for workflows"
      alt="A screenshot depicting destinations for workflows"
      src={anomalyWorkflowNotify}
      />

  10. Click **Test workflow** if you want to check if you workflow works.
  11. Click **Activate workflow**.

  To reduce noise, we recommend sending anomalies to a low priority notification channel such as Slack or email.

  </Collapser>

  <Collapser
    className="freq-link"
    id="mute-notifications"
    title="Mute notifications"
    >

>   In Slack, you can mute temporarily or permanently detections coming from specific applications. You can also mute temporarily the entire channel. This is useful in the case of an incident or when the channel should otherwise not be interrupted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In Slack, you can temporarily or permanently mute detections coming from specific applications. You can also mute temporarily the entire channel. This is useful in the case of an incident or when the channel should otherwise not be interrupted.
```

>   In Slack, you can mute temporarily or permanently detections coming from specific applications. You can also mute temporarily the entire channel. This is useful in the case of an incident or when the channel should otherwise not be interrupted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In Slack, you can mute temporarily or permanently detections coming from specific applications. You can also temporarily mute the entire channel. This is useful in the case of an incident or when the channel should otherwise not be interrupted.
```

  Muting an application permanently removes it from the configuration. To add it back in, go to **[one.newrelic.com](https://one.newrelic.com/all-capabilities) > Alerts & AI > Anomaly detection**, and select the configuration to edit.

  Muting anomaly detection notifications doesn't affect alerts.
  </Collapser>

  <Collapser
    className="freq-link"
    id="use-anomaly-detection-Slack-messages"
    title="Use anomaly detection Slack messages"
    >

  Each anomaly message has several key pieces of information you can use to learn more about and start troubleshooting the potential issue:

  * The application name and a link to more information about it in the New Relic UI.
  * The metric experiencing an anomaly and a link to its details in the New Relic UI.
  * A graph of the metric over time to provide a visual understanding of the anomaly's behavior and degree.
  * An **Analyze** button that navigates to an analysis page in applied intelligence that identifies key attributes that are unique to the anomaly, anomalies found upstream or downstream, and any other relevant signals.

>   Once an anomaly has returned to normal, we send a recovery notification with the option to provide feedback. Your feedback provides our development team with input to help us improve detection quality. In the case of feedback provided on throughput anomalies, an evaluation is run each hour based on feedback to fit a more suitable model. If we helped you, you can select **Yes** or **No**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Once an anomaly has returned to normal, we send a recovery notification with the option to provide feedback. Your feedback provides our development team with input to help us improve detection quality. When feedback is provided on throughput anomalies, an evaluation is run each hour based on your feedback to find a more suitable model. If we helped you, you can select **Yes** or **No**.
```

Reviewer: @nbaenam these changes could have made the statement incorrect! Don't incorporate them if I made them wrong.
